# HelloWorld

A bare-bones Omeka-S module.  Intended as a tutorial and a starter template 
for people who are new to PHP, Laminas and Omeka-S Development.  
The author of this module is also a novice . We welcome comments posted in this module's 
Issues page on github. 

An overview and blog-style documentation may be found at the CDASH Project manual page, 
[Omeka-S Modules](https://c-dash.github.io/Documentation/omeka_modules/index.htm) for user documentation.

## Installation

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module](http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules)

## To Use

Once installed, this module extends all of your omeka-sites with the hello controller which has 2 actions: Greet and Index.  To see them in action, gpo to a site page and add "helloworld" to your browser's  URL string.  for example:

...
http://localhost/omeka-s/s/[default]/helloworld
...

Where [default] is replaced with the slug for your site.

If the module is installed correctly, you will be presented with a page generated by the views/hello/index.phtml template.  The index page includes the view/common/hello-form.phtml form element.  Enter a name in the form and push the Greet button.  When the form is  submitted, the URL is extended with the ?greet parameter, and a new page is generated using the views/hello/greet.phtml template that also includes the hello-form element.  

If this functionality was useful for your sites, you could add the hello-form element to any of your pages by adding it to pages that are part of your site's custom theme. 

Otherwise, you can change the name of the module directory, and all of the namespace references in the module's files, test, and then extend with your new controllers and actions.

Look around the files and explore the laminas documentation on Modules and the various laminas functions that are included in this module's files.

You also should look at [the Omeka-S developer documentation on Modules.](https://omeka.org/s/docs/developer/modules/)


## Copyright

The HelloWorld module is free to re-use for any purpose according to the MIT license.   
